What about sunrise? What about rain?   What about all the things that you said we were to gain?   What about killing fields? Is there a time?   What about all the things that you said was yours and mine?   Did you ever stop to notice   All the blood weve shed before?   Did you ever stop to notice   This crying earth these weeping shores?   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   What have we done to the world? Look what weve done   What about all the peace that you pledged your only son?   What about flowering fields? Is there a time?   What about all the dreams that you said was yours and mine?   Did you ever stop to notice   All the children dead from war?   Did you ever stop to notice   This crying earth these weeping shores?   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   I used to dream   I used to glance beyond the stars   Now I dont know where we are   Although I know weve drifted far   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh   Heyyeah What about yesterday? What about us?   What about the seas? What about us?   The heavens are falling down What about us?   I cant even breathe What about us?   What about everything What about us?   I have given you? What about us?   What about natures worth? Ooo ooo   Its our planets womb What about us?   What about animals? What about it?   Weve turned kingdoms to dust What about us?   What about elephants? What about us?   Have we lost their trust? What about us?   What about crying whales? What about us?   Were ravaging the seas What about us?   What about forest trails? Ooo ooo   Burnt despite our pleas What about us?   What about the holy land? What about it?   Torn apart by creed What about us?   What about the common man? What about us?   Cant we set him free? What about us?   What about children dying? What about us?   Cant you hear them cry? What about us?   Where did we go wrong? Ooo ooo   Someone tell me why What about us?   What about baby boy? What about it?   What about the days? What about us?   What about all their joy? What about us?   What about the men? What about us?   What about the crying man? What about us?   What about Abraham? What about us?   What about death again? Ooo ooo   Do we give a damn?   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah Ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah Ooh ooh ooh ooh   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh