If everyday was Christmas   If we could make believe   If everyone would care a little more   Thered be harmoney   The city is covered in snow tonight   The children fast asleep   Im waiting for him but hes nowhere in sight   And I wonder if he can hear me   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   I wish with all my might   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   Bring my baby home tonight   Why does it feel like its colder than winter   Even by the fireside   My baby said hed be home for Christmas   And now its almost midnight   The Christmas lights up and down the street   Are such a sight to see   But all the presents by the tree   They dont mean a thing till hes with me   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   I wish with all my might   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   If you hear me wont you hurry   Bring my baby tonight   I know your sleigh is full inside   But wont you stop and give my baby a ride   Ill be waiting by candle light this Christmas   The Christmas lights up and down the street   Are such a sight to see   But all the presents by the tree   They dont mean a thing   Santa please hear me   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   I wish with all my might   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   If you hear me wont you hurry   Bring my baby tonight   The Christmas lights up and down the street   The presents by the tree   I hear a knock oh can it be?   My wish is staring back at me   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   I guess you heard me tonight   Hey Santa   Hey Santa Santa   Im underneath the mistletoe   With my baby tonight   Sleigh ride   Its Christmas time   Hey Santa can you bring me something good   Something good something good?   Hey Santa can you bring me something sweet   Something sweet something something sweet?   Like chocolate kisses or candy canes   Gumdrops or butterscotch fruity flavor chewy rings   Hey Santa can you bring me something nice   Something nice something nice?   Hey Santa can you bring me something new   Something new something something new?   Like a diamond bracelet or a diamond ring   How about a shiny new baby blue convertible?   Hey Santa can you bring me everything?   Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh?   Hey Santa can I sing this song to you   Sing to you sing to you?   Hey Santa can you make my wish come true   Make it true make it make it true?   Can you fill my stocking with lots of treats?   Boxes with red and green underneath the Christmas tree?   Hey Santa can you bring me everything?