spoken:   My footsteps broke the silence of the predawn hours as I drifted down Bleaker Street past shop windows barred against the perils of the night Up ahead a neon sign emerged from the fog The letters glowed red hot in that way I knew so well branding a message into my mind A single word Hotel   As he came into the window   Was the sound of a crescendo   He came into her apartment   He left the bloodstains on the carpet   She ran underneath the table   He could see she was unable   So she ran into the bedroom   She was struck down it was her doom   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? Will you tell us that youre okay?   Theres a sign in the window that he struck you a crescendo Annie   He came into your apartment left the bloodstains on the carpet   Then you ran into the bedroom you were struck down it was your doom   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Youve been hit by youve been hit by a smooth criminal   Aaow   So they came into the outway   It was Sunday what a black day   Mouth to mouth resuscitation   Sounding heartbeats intimidations   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay?   Annie are you okay? Will you tell us that youre okay?   Theres a sign in the window that he struck you a crescendo Annie   He came into your apartment left the bloodstains on the carpet   Then you ran into the bedroom you were struck down it was your doom   Annie are you okay? So Annie are you okay? Are you okay Annie?   Youve been hit youve been hit by a smooth criminal   Aaow   Annie are you okay? I dont know Will you tell us that youre okay? I dont know   Theres a sign in the window I dont know that he struck you a crescendo Annie I dont know   He came into your apartment I dont know left the bloodstains on the carpet I dont know why babe   Then you ran into the bedroom I dont know you were struck down it was your doom Annie Dad gone it Annie   Annie are you okay? Dad gone it Annie Will you tell us that youre okay? Dad gone it baby   Theres a sign in the window Dad gone it Annie that he struck you Hoo a crescendo Annie Hoo   He came into your apartment Dad gone it left the bloodstains on the carpet Hoo   Then you ran into the bedroom Hoo Hoo you were struck down Dad gone it it was your doom Annie   Youve been hit youve been struck by a smooth criminal