As he came into the window   It was the sound of a crescendo   He came into her apartment   He left the bloodstains on the carpet   She ran underneath the table   He could see she was unable   So she ran into the bedroom   She was struck down it was her doom   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   will you tell us that youre OK   theres a sign in the window   that he struck you a crescendo Annie   he came into your apartment   he left the bloodstains on the carpet   then you ran into the bedroom   you were struck down   it was your doom   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Youve been hit by   Youve been hit by   A smooth criminal   So they came into the outway   It was Sunday what a black day   Mouth to mouth resuscitation   Sounding heartbeats intimidations   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   So Annie are you OK?   Are you OK Annie?   Annie are you OK?   will you tell us that youre OK   theres a sign in the window   that he struck you a crescendo Annie   he came into your apartment   he left the bloodstains on the carpet   then you ran into the bedroom   you were struck down   it was your doom   Annie are you OK?   so Annie are you OK?   are you OK Annie?   youve been hit by   youve been struck by   A smooth criminal   OK I want everybody to clear the area right now   Aaow   Annie are you OK?   I dont know   will you tell us that youre OK   I dont know   theres a sign in the window   I dont know   that he struck you a crescendo Annie   I dont know   he came into your apartment   I dont know   left bloodstains on the carpet   I dont know why baby   then you ran into the bedroom   I dont know   you were struck down   it was your doom Annie   Annie are you OK?   Dang gone it baby   will you tell us that youre OK   Dang gone it baby   theres a sign in the window   Dang gone it baby   that he struck you a crescendo Annie   Hoo hoo   he came into your apartment   Dang gone it   left bloodstains on the carpet   Hoo hoo hoo   then you ran into the bedroom   Dang gone it   you were struck down   it was your doom Annie   Aaow