Sister dont read shell never know   What about love?   Living a Christian soul   What do we get she runs away   What about love?   What about all I pray   Dont know the worst she knows a atheist   What about God?   Living is all I see   What do you get things she would say   What about love?   Thats all I pray   Those abortion papers   Signed in your name against the words of God   Those abortion papers   Think about life Id like to have my child   Sister confused she went alone   What about love?   What about all I saw?   Biding a life reading the words   Singing a song citing a Bible verse   Fathers confused mother despair   Brothers in curse   What about all Ive seen?   You know the lie you keep it low   What about heart?   Thats all Ive known   Those abortion papers   Signed in your name against the words of God   Those abortion papers   Think about life Id like to have my child   Those abortion papers Hoo   Signed in your name against the words of God   Those abortion papers   Think about life Id like to have my child   Look at my words what do they say?   Look at my heart burning is all heartbreak   What do you get?   What do you say?   What about love?   Feel my sin   Those abortion papers   Signed in your name against the words of God   Those abortion papers   Think about life Id like to have my child   Those abortion papers Ho   Think about life Id like to have my child   Who have the grateful?   Where will she go?   What will she do to see the world?   Sister dont know where would she go   What about life?   What about all I saw?   What would you do?   Dont get so confused   Love all the things   Its just the things I do   Those abortion papers   Signed in your name against the words of God   Those abortion papers   Think about life Id like to have my child   Those abortion papers   Abortion paper   This paper Heehee   Those abortion papers Heeheehee hee heehee   Id like to have my child Heehee hee heehee   Those abortion papers   Heehee hee heehee   Heeheehee hee heehee   Those abortion papers Heehee hee heehee   Id like to have my child Heehee hee heehee   Those abortion papers Heehee hee heehee   Heehee heehee