Father comes home from work and hes scared to death   Mother cries for the kid and the note she read   Father runs to the table he says Whats going on?   Mother cries desperately Our little babys gone   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   She wrote that she is tired of stepdaddy using her   Saying that hell buy her things while sexually abusing her   Just think that shes all alone somewhere out on the street   How will this girl survive?   She aint got nothing to eat   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   Save me from this livin hell   Save me cause that Im gonna do ?   Save me cause Im tired and unfed I m mad?   Save me cause this because of you Hoo   Save me cause Im on the bed   Save me cause I dont want no more   Save me cause terror arrived   Save me   Now shes on the move shes off to Hollywood   She says she wanna be a star she heard the moneys good   She gets off from the train station the man is waiting there   Ill show you where the money is girl just let down your hair   Hes taking her on the streets of Sunset Boulevard   Shes selling her body hard girl that will take you far   The police come round the corner somebody there they told   Hes arresting this little girl thats only twelve years old   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   Do you know where your children are?   Because its now twelve oclock   If theyre somewhere out on the street   Just imagine how scared they are   repeat to fade