Counted all my mistakes and theres only one   Standing out from the list of the things Ive done   All the rest of my crimes dont come close   To the look on your face when I let you go   So I built you a house from a broken home   And I wrote you a song with the words you spoke   Yeah it took me some time but I figured out   How to fix up a heart that I let down   Now Im searching every lonely place   Every corner calling out your name   Tryna find you but I just dont know   Where do broken hearts go?   Where do broken hearts go?   Yeah a taste of your lips on the tip of my tongue   Its at the top of the list of the things I want   Mind is running in circles of you and me   Anyone in between is the enemy   Shadows come with the pain that youre running from   Love was something youve never heard enough   Yeah it took me some time but I figured out   How to fix up a heart that I let down   Now Im searching every lonely place   Every corner calling out your name   Tryna find you but I just dont know   Where do broken hearts go?   Are you sleeping baby by yourself?   Or are you giving it to someone else?   Trying to find you but I just dont know   Where do broken hearts go?   Where do broken hearts go?   Tell me now tell me now   Tell me where youre going   Youve been afraid   Tell me now tell me now   Tell me will you ever love me again?   Love me again?   Now Im searching every lonely place   Every corner calling out your name   Tryna find you but I just dont know   Where do broken hearts go?   Are you sleeping baby by yourself?   Or are you giving it to someone else?   Try to find you but I just dont know   Where do broken hearts go?   Tell me where youre hiding out   Where do broken hearts go?   Come on baby cause I need you now   Where do broken hearts go?   Tell me cause Im ten feet down   Where do broken hearts go?   Come on baby come and get me out   Come on baby come and get me out   Come on baby cause I need you now   Where do broken hearts go?   Where do broken hearts go?   Where do broken hearts go?   Where do broken hearts go?