I gave her money I gave her time   I gave her everything inside one heart could find   I gave her passion my very soul   I gave her promises and secrets so untold   And she promised me forever and a day wed live as one   We made a vow wed live a life anew   And she promised me in secret that shed love me for all time   Its a promise so untrue   Tell me what will I do?   And it doesnt seem to matter and it doesnt seem right   Cause the will has brought no fortune   Still I cry alone at night   Dont you judge of my composure cause Im lying to myself   And the reason why she left me   Did she find in someone else?   Who is it? It is a friend of mine   Who is it? Is it my brother?   Who is it? Somebody hurt my soul now   Who is it? I cant take this stuff no more   I am the damned I am the dead   I am the agony inside the dying head   This is injustice woe unto thee   I pray this punishment would have mercy on me   And she promised me forever that wed live our life as one   We made our vow to live love so true   It seems that she has left me for such reasons unexplained   I need to find the truth   But see what will I do?   And it doesnt seem to matter and it doesnt seem right   Cause the will has brought no fortune   Still I cry alone at night   Dont you judge of my composure cause Im bothered everyday   And she didnt leave a letter   She just upped and ran away   Who is it? It is a friend of mine   Who is it? Is it my brother?   Who is it? Somebody hurt my soul now   Who is it? I cant take it cause Im lonely   Hee Hee   Hee Hee   spoken:   Dont try to make me   Dont try to make me crazy   I never wanted this   It just wont stop   Dont bother me   Dont bother me   Who is it? It is a friend of mine   Who is it? To me Im bothered   Who is it? Somebody hurt my soul now   Who is it? Oww I cant take it cause Im lonely   And it doesnt seem to matter Hee Hee   And it doesnt seem right Hee Hee   Cause the will has brought no fortune   Still I cry alone at night   Dont you judge of my composure cause Im lying to myself   And the reason why she left me   Did she find in someone else?   And it doesnt seem to matter Dont bother me   And it doesnt seem right Da Da Darat   Cause the will has brought no fortune Darat Darat   Still I cry alone at night Me? Never never never   Dont you judge of my composure cause Im bothered everyday   And she didnt leave a letter   She just upped and ran away You can really see Im lonely   And it doesnt seem to matter   And it doesnt seem right Hee Hee   Cause the will has brought no fortune   Still I cry alone at night Da Da Da Da   Dont you judge of my composure Dont be   Cause Im lying to myself Dont be dont be judgin   And the reason why she left me Dont you dont you   Did she find in someone else? Keep begging cause Im lonely   And it doesnt seem to matter Dont bother me   And it doesnt seem right   Cause the will has brought no fortune Darat Darat   Still I cry alone at night Me? Never never never   Dont you judge of my composure Dont be judgin   Cause Im bothered everyday Dont be   Dont be And she didnt leave a letter   She just upped and ran away Cant you really feel Im lonely   And it doesnt seem to matter Hee Hee   And it doesnt seem right Hee Hee   Cause the will has brought no fortune   Still I cry alone at night   Dont you judge of my composure She dont she dont phone me   Cause Im bothered everyday She gone and did it   And she didnt leave a letter She dont she dont matter   She just upped and ran away Is it my brother?   And it doesnt seem to matter Dont bother me   And it doesnt seem right You just did it   Cause the will has brought no fortune Dada   Still I cry alone at night Dada Dada Da   Dont you judge of my composure Hee   Hee Cause Im lying to myself   And the reason why she left me   Did she find in someone else? I cant take it cause Im lonely