Gangsta! 
 ReFugees Baby! 
 Chill 
 Tell 'em what it is (gangsta!) 
 Smoke Hitty Entertainment c'mon 
 Tell 'em what it is (gangsta!) 
 Let me tell you somethin' 
 You not my girl, not my wife 
 Got a couple tips from Mike 
 I'm Moonwalkin' out your life 
 I close my eyes you out of sight (gangsta!) 
 Now she wanna call me conceded 
 'Cause I'm a Smooth Criminal I told her to Beat It 
 When a little love was all I needed 
 You talkin', I call it how I see it 
 And now I mean it, I'm out for good 
 Like a lottery winner movin' out the hood 
 But if I told you take me back you would 
 Too late, me and P like Pac and Shug (...ngsta) 
 Had you in the cards when I met you 
 With a couple Supastars from the Ghet-to 
 Now you feelin' so sorry you let go 
 Of the T-E-M-P-A-mental (I'm the blue gangsta!) 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine (gangsta) 
 What you put me through, now that I'm the blue gangsta 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine (gangsta) 
 I can never fall in love! (the blue gangsta!) 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 What you put me through, now that I'm the blue gangsta 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 I can never fall in love! (the blue gangsta!) 
 Yo, What you got to do it like that man? 
 You ain't a friend, a friend you'll never be 
 Obviously never been with a real O.G. 
 From the H-I-T rollin' B-I-G 
 Passin through V.I.P. it's the ReFugees (gangsta!) 
 You come to spread some love like the gold rush 
 It was the things you did that used to mean so much 
 Whatever you touched the way you used to blush 
 Now me you brush, don't believe in such 
 Nonsense lovers that promote violence 
 Nonsense just like the dollar, no cents 
 No good, I can feel it through my sixth sense 
 What's this wanna suck my existence 
 But still I believe in you and me 
 Quite frankly that's how it's supposed to be 
 The kind of love that can end any poverty 
 So I keep you scoped like a Kennedy, yeah! (gangsta!) 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 What you put me through, now that I'm the blue gangsta 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 I can never fall in love! (the blue gangsta!) 
 Speak to 'em Mike! 
 What you gonna do 'cause I'm gonna get you 
 No where to run, no where to hide 
 All the things you said and the things you've done to me 
 You can no longer make me cry 
 Look what you done to me baby 
 I can no longer smile baby 
 And I waited so long 
 Just to carry on 
 I'm the blue gangsta! 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine (you ain't no friend of mine!) 
 What you put me through, now that I'm the blue gangsta (you ain't a friend of mine!) 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 I'm never gonna fall in love (the blue gangsta!) 
 What you gonna do, (What you gonna do?! gonna do?!) you ain't no friend of mine (you took it from me!) 
 (What are you gonna do?!) 
 What you put me through, now that I'm the blue gangsta 
 What you gonna do, you ain't no friend of mine 
 I'm never gonna fall in love (the blue gangsta!)